>> Scott Moss: So for this exercise what
you're gonna be tasked with doing is
creating a Optimistic response.
So that our UI is going to update
immediately once we create a new path.
So to do that,
you're gonna have to figure out where
you would add the Optimistic response.
Do you wanna add it on the useMutation
handler, after the update?
Or do you want to add it on the Create Pet
mutation in location itself
next to the variables.
The differences when you use Create Pet,
you'll get access to the actual variables.
Whereas inside the mutation handler
you won't, so pick and choose.
There's no right, there's wrong,
there's just different use cases
depending on what you're doing.
And just remember the optimistic
response object returns exactly or
pretty close to every single thing
that the mutation itself returns.
So in this case, an id,
a name, a type, a img.
And then it also returns these
hidden fields called _-typename,
that we talked about, so __typename.
So you have to return that __typename for
the mutation type, and
then also the high level operation
which is also a mutation.
So both of those type names there, and
then we'll come back and we'll finish it.